High in this video we are going to take a little example for how to train a narrow network.
So we would like to train or and logical relation to bays now the network.
This is the logical relation we have been talking about it several times.
The Axert logical relation is something like 0 0 0 Dandie X or well-you 0 0 1 x or a value on 1 0 X
or evaluates 1 and 1 1 0 is the output.
OK so let's suppose the fact that we have a now network without a hidden layer.
So we just have an input layer and we have an output layer with a single now on and we have two edge
weights.
We don't know the code actuates in other wants so we initialize it with a random number.
For example double you want to double you to every story.
And the threshold for this now we're on is equal to 2.
We just choose it by random.
OK so we know that what's the ideal output.
We take it from this logical relation table 0 0.
The output should be 0 4 0 1 output should be zero then 0 again and 1 and then we calculate that what's
going to be the actual output according to the our own network the incoming Cibeles the sum over the
note on the value times the weight.
And then we have to check whether that given a value is greater than the threshold value or not if it's
0 0.
So X is zero.
And why is 0.
Of course the sum is going to be 0 which is smaller than 2.
So it's going to be zero.
But if x is equal to zero and Y is equal to on Dan and the sum is going to be 0 times two plus one Times
story which is Srey greater than two.
So it's going to be one for the calculated output.
If the first one so x is equal to one and the Y is equal to zero than one times two plus zero Times
story it is equal to two.
We define that threshold that if it's greater or equal to that given some Then it is going to fire two
is equal to two.
So the output will be warm and if x is equal to 1.
Why is equal to 1 1 times two plus one times three equals to five.
Five is greater than the threshold of value.
So the output will be won.
As you can see we do randomly initialized awaits this now and that work is not going to perform well.
OK we have a single match.
Basically the first line is going to be zero for the actual on and for the idea of on by the others
is not going to be the same.
Ok sorry for that.
The last line is OK as well.
So we have a 50 percent error or what do do now.
Basically we have to calculate the error.
So first we construct the training data from the logical table.
We have four pairs with the right answer.
We can train our network according to day's data.
Of course if it's 0 0 then the correct answer would be zero.
But we calculate the error and we come to the conclusion that the expectation should be zero.
The result is zero.
The error is zero.
OK.
Basically when the error is zero we don't have to do anything.
But let's take a look how to calculate the error.
And the simplest algorithm is that we have the right answer.
What we should get.
So this right answer is here and we have the actual bomb and the error can be the difference between
the two of them.
A better approach is to square them and we run or algorithm until these error terms are very small.
So the aim of the algorithm is to make sure that the error term is as small as possible.
What does it mean if the error term is small.
It means that the right answer we know for certain is approximately the same as we calculate with the
top of the natural network.
And of course we keep updating the edge waits until the arrow is not small and wait in the end plus
one iteration is equal to the weight in the end iteration Plus the input times the error times the learning
rate where the learning rate is a given number that value is smaller than a warm.
This is the equation.
This is what we have to use so why are the error or term is not small.
We have to adjust the actuates basically this way.
And plus one minus the weight.
And is that changing the actual weight.
If the answer is great we are going to have a great change in the weight if the error rate is zero.
As you can see there's not going to be changing the actuates.
So here for example the add on is zero.
Of course we don't change the actuates because according to this training data the network is working
fine.
OK so let's suppose the fact when the Xs on the Y is 0 we expected according to the logical table is
0.
The result is so on.
So there's an error or minus 1 it doesn't matter.
This is why we usually square it in these terms because we are not curious whether it has plus 1 or
minus 1 we just curious that.
OK the short term is not zero.
So somehow we have to update the edges.
And basically this is the equation we have been discussing that.
OK.
We come to the conclusion that the error term is for example minus 1 danda double you want.
So this is the updated value for the double you want to educate is equal to the previous state.
Basically the two plus one while one because the input is equal to one import dives at all times learning
grade.
So this is the error.
And this is the learning grade one time and minus one time zero that one is equal to minus 0.1.
So we have to update this adulate to minus 0.1 is equal to 1.9 as you can see.
So we have to decrease the value for this adulate in order to get a better result for the prediction.
And what about this double to update to you because the input value is 0.
The updated value for the w 2 is equal to W2 plus 0 times the error times the learning grade.
But because the input is zero that's why the W2 value is not going to change after the update because
W2 update is equal to W2 Kozhikode which is the same.
So basically that's all about the algorithm to solve in the big picture.
So we calculate the error or we know what we should get we calculate what we get from the now rule and
that to her.
And if there's a mismatch in the sense that there is an error or we have to update the adulate according
to the error and we use this equation it is the same as we have seen here that the input times the error
times the learning rate if the error is big then we are going to make a big change in the adulate even
the learning rate is big then we are again going to make a big change in the educators.
That's why the learning rate is usually 0.1 or 0.3 for example to make sure that we make a little change
in the actual weight because we don't want to over fate in the sense that we get an even reverse educate.
So that's why usually this learning rate is very small to make sure that we get a better and better
updated adulate.
Thanks for watching.